feat: add support for action rights though `allAppliedActionRights` (#883)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: packages/permissions/README.md

};
```

## Available action rights

> An `Action Right` is represented as an object with the shape `{ group: string, name: string }`. The `group` relates to the permission while the `name` is the action right itself. Currently the following action rights for the `products` `group` exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `ActionRight` is represented as an object with the shape `{ group: string, name: string }`. The `group` relates to the permission while the `name` is the action right itself. Currently the following action rights for the `group: 'products'` exist:
```

branchOnPermissions(
  permissions: [Permission],
  unauthorizedComponent: ?UnauthorizedComponent,
  options?: {
    shouldMatchSomePermissions: boolean,

>     actionRights: [ActionRight],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    actionRights?: [ActionRight],
```

### Props

- `permissions`: an array of `Permission`, requested by the component

> - `actionRights`: an array of `Action Right`, requested by the component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `actionRights`: an array of `ActionRight`, requested by the component
```
